how's it going everybody this is that
boardroom just trying to show you guys
something I'm working on
something I was just working on for the
weekend i'ma hold this camera straight
but uh I've been watching a lot of Nick
jr. Cartoon Network and things like that
and um I like to show me how Catalan and
some reason I've just been watching that
more and more and it just inspired me to
actually make a fan picture for them and
you know just for fun so I'm just gonna
probably show you guys the pencils and
I'm thinking about doing an aching video
of it as well so you can see how I hate
this and uh maybe a colored one that
might be a little too much but uh if you
guys want to drop a comment below I'll
gladly make all three of those for you
guys I'm also um this started out of the
sketch is my first time drawing these
characters it started out as a sketch
because this is regular eight and a half
by eleven paper this is what I've
normally like to make my final
illustration is on but you know I don't
know I liked it I started liking it just
kept on drawing and drawing and drawing
and that we have at this illustration
right here I wish I did on bigger paper
so I got more detail and everything but
I'm kind of happy I'm pretty happy with
what I have right now still trying to
figure out you know little things here
and there to put in the picture well I
might take out a couple things I don't
know they might start looking a little
too cluttered I was trying to capture
the style of the show but at the same
time add some you know double drew of
style in there you know adding a little
extra detail here and there and uh you
know I'm trying to figure out where can
put a swift cameo because you know I'd
like to do that pretty much on every
illustration I do and I noticed more and
more than I'm drawing more and more
any bugs in my pictures for some reason
and I don't know what just like lady I
don't know that sounds weird just like
drawing more pictures now and on yeah
this isn't how it looks first the temple
all the characters pretty happy with it
you know I know there's some tweaks here
that I could do to make a little more
like the official character but uh you
know stickerless pretty straight I mean
of course I got a little reference right
here of the characters not all of them
but you know this might have more of all
of them both I mean it's just you know
characters random characters you know
now Randall will chew on the mail just
talking so I mean check it out also I
got something that's going for you guys
for later I'm doing a coloring tutorial
for you guys on the same teeth this is a
picture that it just was a little sketch
that I drew as a present for somebody
pretty much folks going on for about a
year which is crazy but uh finally draw
it out and I'm coloring it I actually I
recorded me coloring this for you guys
so so that should be up probably within
the next couple of days I still have
finished coloring as you can see this
mid section right here I haven't really
rendered it out much and I'm actually
not satisfied with the colors right now
so I'm going to tweak it the background
might not be red
you know this smoke right here all the
colors it's just the fillers for right
now but as you can see I'm still working
on their top yeah let's just actually
belongs to chief economist
anyways I got interrupted real quick
my bad about that so you know I guess
back to the pencils you guys get the
point but if you guys or any other
tutorials and anything like that let me
know what type you want you know give me
give me you know suggestions below you
know cuz you guys I'm doing this for
y'all I'm not really doing this for
myself all I win bought some new pencils
these only ones are used man I love
these it just has the best grip ever but
this is just a this is the zebra when I
always buy this particular type of
pencil 25 lid or whatever that's the
only place I use the draw this look
alright anyways you guys check out
notion comics calm and dad would rule
calm like I said it's a woman ink this
put it down below and I might